Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ Adventure Time ♪
♪ C'mon grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very ♪
♪ distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog ♪
♪ and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's Adventure Time! ♪
Season 01, Episode 03a
The Enchiridion!
Subtitles by:
Subtitle Time
http://subtitletime.blogspot.it/
Candy Party!
Jake! This party is so crazy!
I know, Finn! I know!
So, Finn... Do you have a girlfriend?
Oh, my gosh!
I can't believe you just said that.
What a wonderful, marvelous party!
Ok. I'm gonna do it.
Ok-ok-ok.
Everyone watch! I'm gonna do a flip!
Princess Bubblegum's in trouble!
Watch where you're going!
Please! Calm yourselves, my people.
I am safe!
Oh, thank you, Finn.
You truly are my hero this day.
Cool.
Hero... Hmmm...
Hero...
Hey, I just thought of something!
Uhh... What'd you think of?
I'll show you. Come on!
We'll go through my secret entrance.
Alright, everyone. Turn around.
Well, turn around.
This entrance is secret.
Math. Hurry, Finn!
No way!
Here it is. Check it out.
A magical globe?
No, Finn. It's what you can
see  through the globe.
Golly!
Look. See this book?
Yeah, I see it!
It's called the Enchiridion.
It's a book meant only for heroes
who's hearts are righteous.
Shmow-zow!
The book lies at the top of Mount Cragdor,
guarded by a manly minotaur.
It's waiting for a truly
righteous hero to claim it!
Do you think I've got the goods, Bubblegum?
'Cause I am in to this stuff!
Yeah, I know...
And yes, I do.
Then off I go!
Jaaaaaaake!
Thanks, pal.
Farewell, Fi-
Oh, wait a minute...
Farewell, Finn the human boy!
Bye, Princess!
You know what time it is, buddy?
Adventure time?
Yeah, man!
Greetings, young heroes to be.
This mountain is called Cragdor.
Its purpose is two-fold:
to protect the Enchiridion and to test the
hearts of those who seek to possess it.
Many noble challengers have
entered the temple
to pass the grueling trials that
lie behind these walls,
but no one has ever left here
alive or dead!
Only the truest most worthy hero can
receive the heroes' Enchiridion
and walk out these doors again!
If it is you, friend,
and I cannot say that I am certain,
but you are verily welcome to try;
however, first you must pass my riddle.
My name is Key-per,
and duly so, for I carry the key
to this door,
but all is not how it appears, you see.
(Or perhaps you do not see at all)
Perhaps the key is in you, child,
but you cannot use your brawn here.
The door is magically sealed.
Oh! You've unlocked the riddle of the door.
Brilliantly done, child!
Please, reveal to me how
you unraveled my clue.
I just thought you'd look
cute stuffed in that lock.
Oh, yes.
That's how most people get in.
Bye!
You've passed the first trial,
young heroes, but prepare yourselves!
For there are many trials ahead of you,
and each trial is more
treacherous than the last.
Enchiridion is...
That way.
What?!?
Dude! You can't smell the book from here!
It's in the castle on top of the mountain.
In a room.
Wish you had one, huh?
Help! Help!
This way!
What about the book?
It can wait. Someone needs our help.
Yo, Finn. Are you alright?
Did you get brain damage?
I'm fine! Keep going!
We have to hurry!
I gotcha.
Thank you for saving us...
Now we can destroy this old lady!
What?!?
Every time you say "what"
we'll destroy and old lady.
What?!?
Every time you say "no"
we'll destroy an old lady.
No! Wai...
Please...
Don't destroy...
Anymore...
...Old women.
Every time you look sad
we'll destroy a big old woman!
Well... Ever since I got the...
Hey, guys. Every time he's a big wuss,
let's destroy and old lady.
Hey! Back off, you gnomes!
That kid just saved you guys!
You should thank him,
not destroy old ladies!
Do you even know what I'm talking about?
Say thank you!
Say...
Thank...
You...
Kill it!
Get back in there!
Help! Help!
Hey, Finn. You ok?
No way, dude.
Those old ladies are destroyed
because of me.
I'm not righteous...
...I'm wrongteous.
...Stupidteous...
Awww. Don't let those gnomes
and their illusions get you down.
They're just gnomes and illusions.
Illusions?
Yeah, man.
Think.
What would regular, old, sweet ladies
be doing wandering the hills of
Mount Cragdor?
Maybe they're lost?
No way.
This place is designed to mess you up;
to mess with your head.
None of this is real.
It's all just trials to test your
heroic attributes.
Now let's go get that book.
Yeah! You're the smartest dog I know, man.
Jake? Jaaaaaaaake!
You cannot pass!
Gimme back my friend!
No!
It's ok, Finn! I can get out!
Let Jake go, or I'll...
I'll kick your foot!
It is impossible for you to hurt me!
Don't worry, dude! I found another way...
I'm coming, buddy!
I think your dog finally fell
into my stomach.
Hey... Where'd you go?
I got your wallet, man!
Hey! My big money!
Give it back!
Give me back my friend!
But I killed him already!
Fine...
I'll give you your dollar.
Here's your dollaaaaaarrrrr!!!
Jake!
You're ok!
Stomachs are weird.
Dude! You just flew us all
the way to the top!
Wait a minute.
I can smell the book right through
this door.
You're under arrest for stealing my dollar!
Just a minute Jake.
You know what that was?
That was righteous.
Thanks, Jake.
Now sniff out that book for me.
You got it!
Cool!
Congratulations, Finn the human.
You must be truly righteous
to have made it this far.
Thank you.
Now! Enter my brain-world,
and I will show you some
aspect of yourself...
...that you're not entirely aware of.
Where... am I?
For your final trial:
slay the beast!
Why? Is it an evil beast?
Yes. It's completely evil.
Will you slay it?
Shoot, yeah. I'll slay
anything that's evil.
That's my deal.
Yes! You've done well, hero.
Thank you.
Now...
As one last, last, trial...
Slay this ant!
Is it evil?
No! But... it's not good either. It's...
...neutral.
Will you slay it?
No!
If you want the heroes' Enchiridion,
then slay this unaligned ant!
Never.
Never!!!
Congratulations, Finn the human.
Now you have truly reached...
NEVER!!!
Oh, no! Mr. Key-per!
I-I'm sorry.
Why are you wearing that
little devil costume?
These are my pajamas.
I was getting ready for bed.
Finn... Jake... You made it!
Are you another trial?
Trial? Oh, no!
I'm Mannish Man, the minotaur.
The manly minotaur from
Princess Bubblegum's story!
So...
Can I check out the Enchiridion?
Can I? Can I? Can I?
Yeah. Come on. Let's go check it out.
We've been watching you guys
on our magical viewing globe.
Take a seat guys, have some juice.
There's grape and apple and
the gatekeeper made spaghetti.
And... Alright, Finn.
Are you ready for this?
The Enchiridion!
You deserve it, Finn.
Really?
Yeah, Finn.
You're the goodest of heart and
most righteous hero I've seen here.
Tenderness, ingenuity, bravery,
nard-kicking ability,
and when you took that
giant ogre's dollar...
Oh, man! The Key-per nearly fainted!
It's true!
Hey! Crack open that book and read
something for fun's sake, alright?
Oh, yeah! Whoa.
How to Kiss Princesses?
Whoa. What'd you just read?
Yeah. What does it say, Finn?
Mannish Man won't tell me.
Hey. Don't tell her, Finn.
It doesn't say anything, Princess.
Mannish man!
Awwww Yeaaaaah!!!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org